What happened, Mr. Su?
When Xiaohui had surgery 15 years ago
I told you to deal with it.
How do you deal with it?
I buried it, I buried it with my own hands
Are you sure he was already dead?
The young lady was only 4 years old at that time
Just had surgery and was buried in the wilderness
There was no chance of survival.
But Zhou Wenmei called and told me
He found 100 million
And brought him back home
Impossible, Mr. Su
You have to believe me.
Okay, can't be it?
Whether it's true or not, I'll know when I go back and read it now.
If I find out that you lied to me
You know what the consequences are.
Someone is definitely impersonating Miss Su
Can I go now?
It's not that easy to leave
1,000 bucks for a glass of wine
Just 20,000
There's 30,000 left
You pick up the plate for me
1,000 per plate.
Go for the old rules
Brother, you don't know Yiyi, you are Yiyi.
His name is Xiaohong
Xiaohong has been in bad health
No alcohol, no strenuous exercise
So he can't swim at all.
If you are not in good health, you can't drink alcohol, and you can't exercise vigorously.
Isn't it the same as Brother Hui?
Brother Hui is because of bad kidneys
Then his kidneys are fine
Could it be kidney deficiency?
Hahaha, your little name is Yiyi.
Just like me, your health is not good.
Same as me.
A wild girl from the countryside
What qualifications do you have to be like us?
You can't swim, can you?
Come on, come on, go get the plate back for me
This young master will give you 10,000 yuan, and you have to pick it up today.
You have to pick it up
He really can't swim
Shouldn't it kill anyone?
Don't worry
Mom knows I'm not well
The pool wasn't dug deep
Smoke is unnatural
Hey, because do you remember?
When you were a child, you liked to play with water the most.
You checked this pool
Mom asked him to find someone to give it to you.
Really? I can't seem to remember exactly.
The warrior you pestered Mr. Zhou to dig when you were a child
Now let Master Su push you down with his own hands
That's great.
Yiyi, look, dad is here
Come on. I'll take you to him
Don't go
Dad?
who is he?
He is one by one
And my sister.
Your daughter?
My mom and I have been looking for him for 15 years
Finally found him
Call it dad
You are not Yiyi
Not my daughter.
Dad, I
I know my daughter
You still want to deceive me